GRADED QUIZ: TEST YOUR PROYECT UNDERSTANDING 

Pregunta 1
A static website is created using static files and not dynamic content like backends or APis. Is that statement correct ? 

R\True 

Correct! In general static websites are created using markup languages like HTML, CSS and script languages like Javascript and all code is stored in a static file.

2.
Pregunta 2
AWS S3 could be used to host a website with dynamic content ?

R\True
Correct! AWS S3 is an object storage service which offers a Static Web Hosting feature for that.

3.
Pregunta 3
What are the common technologies used to create a static website ?

R\ HTML/CSS/Javascript 
Correct! Most static websites are created using HTML, CSS and Javascript technologies.

4.
Pregunta 4
How AWS objects can be organized in S3 ?

R\Buckets and folders  
Correct! AWS S3 could be organized in Buckets and Folders.

5.
Pregunta 5
AWS S3 could be used just in the United States? 

R\False 
Correct! AWS is a global cloud platform and has geographical locations around the world. 

6.
Pregunta 6
Bucket names are unique across AWS. Is this statement correct?

R\True 
Correct! AWS S3 Bucket names are unique across all AWS and are DNS compliant. 

7.
Pregunta 7
Why is it important to define a relevant bucket name for website hosts? 

R\ Bucket name will be part of website URL 
Correct! Bucket names are part of website URL and a relevant name is fundamental to identify your website.

8.
Pregunta 8
In which tab we configure our bucket to host a website? 

R\ Properties 
Correct! The Properties tab is the place we can configure our bucket to host a static website. 

9.
Pregunta 9
Index document configuration defines which page in your static website? 

R\Default 
Correct! Index.html is the most common default page used in static websites. 


10.
Pregunta 10
All S3 buckets and objects are blocked for public access by default? 

R\True 
Correct! By default, for security reasons,  AWS block all S3 objects and buckets for public access
11.
Pregunta 11
AWS S3 enables objects version by default when a bucket is created? 

R\ False 
Correct! AWS S3 has a versioning feature but it is not enabled by default.

12.
Pregunta 12
How AWS S3 flags the current version of an object ?

R\Latest version 
Correct. When user upload a new version of the same object AWS S3 flag it like "Latest Version"

13.
Pregunta 13
AWS S3 new object version uploaded is made public when the upload ends ?

R\False 
Correct! New object versions don't inherit security permission from the previous version.
